Oh
One week a seed shameless talk more fun watching a comedian at the time
I am Park Young-jin at issue talk.
5 Nowadays, women are becoming more and more common among men.
It's not a sexy guy to cook.
Today to talk about here saw comedian Kim, Dae - Sung yuminsang equation c
I will share.
4 r Nice to meet you
This does not look sexy man meoksaek because fallen over namyu
Of course, we women who ate delicious to eat only cooked grow a large Bout
It 's a really hot sexy guy who's got a funny story.
Would not it be hot if it's sexy again?
She is a sexy woman and she is passionate
Life is up to here because I can afford it myself.
So I'll talk to both of you in earnest.
I'm coming to act as a musician.
It has been controversial since it declared free lunch in the current state in March.
There is a sharp controversy about free food and public opinion.
What do you always think
Ah yes Is it free or not ?
I do not know you do not know how to feed me. I know.
Tell me you know Yes
I'm going to talk about what to eat today, and it's been washed yuminsang going to eat
Not without a vote Because I can not do it nikgap
It's an important story because you're eating our children.
No I'm not going to come the US paved the opposite awful so come Mabuk
do not
If this is something I have to say a little bit,
It's noisy because it can be noisy and it can be noisy and noisy .
Okay, so what is there to eat in your own well live well is stable
In the case of a guest room guest , the opinions of the guest are not related to the program at all
I will
I just say that ub40 is a personal opinion .
What do you think of Dae Sung Kim ?
Oh my opinion Please also tell you. We need to say
I saw one.
You're kidding me.
So that the former without his umbrella
The same time was over, as if it were idle.
There is a swimming pool right on time to the relationship yuminsang c Kim, Dae - Sung by egg debate
Oran will doeguyo you two minutes at any given time, discussions vigorously
You start playing baseball.
Get started faster
Tell me your political views. Ah.
Two types of negative ions
This is why the guests drank Do not let each radio
New Fused I do not know that I'd
So we must help the water table Ong Hong Chuck Why Outpost 4 people nangdo lethal Hongzhou table right
Jun Pyo Spring governor is wrong. What happens exactly stand yesterday Is Toto stand stupidity Bari
I've heard that it's efficient.
4 Unlock gimdaeseok've heard what you tell us at the time entered
Do you think
U
Oh yes this is another important issue to me there's a problem with Wu J.
There are three major problems in the system: the one-room main problem or the lack of suppression .
Where is this? Iv eli
Oh, when I have a problem, when I have a problem,
Oh, I see.
5 viewers, the opinion of both of you is that gag concert is not related to the need at all
I say no
I would like to remind you once again that this is your personal opinion.
Let's get out of the way.
Let's solve it. Where are you?
4 Let's talk about women. Kim Min-ae is a college student majoring in politics.
I've seen this really well.
4 It was already common sense, then you were looking for a girlfriend.
I heard there are still no girlfriends.
So I want to ask who is the person who likes the style
Bo-party support
In the e like we arrived in Buan-style rice may not
For now, the current Governor of the andeunda like Mali or look out the
I can take pictures of you And you told me to change that number too.
Do not get tired and give deulyigo We also know Stop Pit we solved a long time yet
I do not get a conclusion.
Let's talk about light. Oh, you're talking light. Okay.
It seems that the heat is getting hotter .
I'll do it
Ignition Track
Making good cafe Lee is our resin
Yeah . Let 's talk about it. No, here. Here. Here. Here. Here. Here. Here. Here.
Take a good look at the collection.
Former President Lee Myung-bak has 18 billion business privileges
Come here and think about what's wrong, why, why this geureongeol
Well let's just before you do that before 2nd surname before the desired
I keep on without the gum umbrella.
The future core wiekkeo bath grace people are now talking about the Blue House said a researcher
What are you doing now sitting Die For
If you write an Aoto sentence, you should be able to tell your own opinion.
Let me tell you my opinion on President Lee Myung-bak's 280 billion won
I think
about
That is all
Thank you good feedback to gauge what a good geuraetneunde
I think a similar look geuraetdeut goes back even better plants Kim, Dae - Sung
I heard little toad finally come to hear the word raw nerve haejusigo only diplomatic
I do not know what to do with it.
Mr. Jim Min-sang has announced the advancement of the comedian.
Do you have your report sindago Oh by the framework if not heard exactly stand
At the time, the politics of the emergence of political entrepreneurs c.
Will be evaluated
It's not the inside of the oriental style.
Alas
U